README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

###  Book-store
<!-- ![screenshot](./images/table.png) -->

## Description
- This project is about a bookstore where user can store the title and author of thier favourite books, and can also remove books, 

## Built With
This project is build with:
- CSS
- React

<!-- here is the live link: [Live Demo](https://julie-ify.github.io/Book-Store/) -->
## Getting Started;

To get the content of this project locally you need to run this command in your terminal:
- ` git clone git@github.com:julie-ify/bookstore-react.git`

For tracking linter errors locally you need to follow these steps:
- After cloning the project you need to run this command
  > `npm install`
  > This command will download all the dependancies 

- For tracking the linter errors in JavaScript file run:
  > `npx eslint .`
- And for tracking the linter errors in CSS file run:
  > `npx stylelint "\*_/_.{css,scss}"`

## Author

👤 **Juliana Ifionu** 💖
- Github:[Juliana Ifionu](https://github.com/julie-ify)
- Linkedin: [Juliana Ifionu](https://www.linkedin.com/in/juliana-ifionu-4a9492212/)

## :handshake: Contributing
Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/julie-ify/bookstore-react/issues)

## Show your support
Give a :star: if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments
- Thanks to [Microverse](www.microverse.org) team that help with the tamplete of this project

## 📝 License
This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Add live link and screenshot to readme

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

###  Book-store
![screenshot](./public/bookstore.png)

## Description
- This project is about a bookstore where user can store the title and choose category of thier favourite books, and can also remove books, 

## Built With
This project is build with:
- CSS
- React

here is the live link: [Live Demo](https://elated-jennings-86d14f.netlify.app/)

## Getting Started;

To get the content of this project locally you need to run this command in your terminal:
- ` git clone git@github.com:julie-ify/bookstore-react.git`

For tracking linter errors locally you need to follow these steps:
- After cloning the project you need to run this command
  > `npm install`
  > This command will download all the dependancies 

- For tracking the linter errors in JavaScript file run:
  > `npx eslint .`
- And for tracking the linter errors in CSS file run:
  > `npx stylelint "\*_/_.{css,scss}"`

## Author

👤 **Juliana Ifionu** 💖
- Github:[Juliana Ifionu](https://github.com/julie-ify)
- Linkedin: [Juliana Ifionu](https://www.linkedin.com/in/juliana-ifionu-4a9492212/)

## :handshake: Contributing
Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/julie-ify/bookstore-react/issues)

## Show your support
Give a :star: if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments
- Thanks to [Microverse](www.microverse.org) team that help with the tamplete of this project

## 📝 License
This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
